I'm sorry, ma'am, it's useful to apologize. Why do you want the police?
I don't know how long Sister Ben Ya has been waiting?
Do you know me?
Nonsense, of course we know each other?
Butler Xiaozhuang, you are too ignorant, right?
What about the name of the eldest lady Zhihu?
Yeah, it's late and clash
How did you fall?
What are you saying?
What's the situation?
Shut up, do you still want to be with me?
What is your colleague saying?
Don't ask so much.
You help these annoying colleagues
Take it home and drive your fancy car
Luxury cars are underarm
I'm only responsible for picking up the eldest lady
If I let my grandpa know that I am a girlfriend
Are those gentlemen and ladies important?
But what but
Do you still want to shout to me?
In fact, I want to tell the eldest lady
This little thing can still respect the eldest lady, what a waste
Why do you hit people?
Miss tube
What does summer have to do with you?
fuck off
Did you eat a bear heart burst umbrella?
How are you doing?
Miss, you have to support me too, who are you talking about?